# User Meeting November 2021

Date: 29-30th November, 11:30 - 14:30 (UK time)
Location: Zoom

This document exists to help coordinate building an agenda for the
TWG contributions to the user meeting.
The technical working group has a 90 minute slot on 30th November
where we need to provide some updates from our perspective.

## Ideas

Ideas for content/speakers:

- Introducing the TWG (Martyn): 5mins
- What has happened to the project, from a more technical slant, since the last meeting (Martyn): 15mins
  - Sample corrections
  - All the GUI work, drill, superplot, instrument viewer extensions.
  - Conda
- The idea of experiment api (xapi), that I spoke briefly in the last twg meetings. (ILL): 15mins
- GUIs/projects using mantid as a library (ORNL) 15mins
- ORNL release management process using a fork (ORNL) 15mins
- General Q&A

Updates in facility update section of SWG:
- ILL new SANS, this we will demo to ANSTO in October already, but it might be interesting also for MLZ and PSI. (ILL) 15mins
- D7 technique, i.e. 10-axis polarization analysis, which is new to mantid. (ILL): 15mins

