# Recap actions from previous meeting:

# Agenda
- Anaconda channel quota
- msvc and homebrew repos
- NOBUGS 2026 & Mantid Developer meeting (2025 & 2026)
- User meetings
- Mac machines at ILL update
  - Machines ready to be sent
  - Either the machines are lent for less than one year, we sign a "temporary" sheet
  - Either they are lent for longer, that require to pay VAT in both ways
- Question about Fitting engine status
- Dates for v6.12
- [Table view for group peak workspace](https://github.com/mantidproject/mantid/pull/37166) (ORNL input requested from Zach and Andrei)
- Migration to Numpy v2 - https://github.com/mantidproject/mantid/issues/37840 (Sarah leading effort)
  - What to do about pystog
- NeXus consolidation https://github.com/mantidproject/mantid/issues/38332
- Review [roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/mantidproject/projects/47/views/1)
- AOB

Maybe revisit
- cxxtest
- Deprecation of [SQW1](https://docs.mantidproject.org/nightly/algorithms/SofQWCentre-v1.html) and [SQW2](https://docs.mantidproject.org/nightly/algorithms/SofQWPolygon-v1.html) (needs agreement from TWG as per [policy](https://docs.mantidproject.org/nightly/deprecation.html)
  - this is awaiting links to user docs to link to be certain as to what we're deprecating
- When do we need to start building conda packages for ARM macs?
- ILL build servers cannot be connected to Jenkins anymore
  - Builders will not be connected until next month
  - There are plans to send machines to ISIS
- Nexus file refactoring for reflectometry
- Risk register
- [Community standards](https://github.com/mantidproject/mantid/community) according to github (Pete)
- nexus API (maintain or move?)
