# TWG Minutes

Date: 27/04/2022

Attendees: Martyn Gigg, Gemma Guest, Pete Peterson, Mathieu Tillet, Tobias Weber, Olandr Koshchii, Ellen Chen, Zach Morgan

# Recap actions from previous meeting:

## Gigg
- Find date that works for everyone, and add a release party to this.
- Create a set of slides covering: what we've done, preview of roadmap for next iteration, upcoming large process or tech changes.
- Add Peterson + Vardanyan as interested parties to these discussions

## Vardanyan
- Create a page on dev docs formalising when to create a design document.

# Meeting Agenda

- Open position for secretary
- Monthly recurring meeting instead?
  - Triage cross-facility issues
- [Release 6.4 timeline](https://github.com/mantidproject/mantid/milestone/103)
- Review list of [gatekeepers](https://github.com/orgs/mantidproject/teams/gatekeepers/members)
- [Maintenance board](https://github.com/mantidproject/mantid/projects/15) clean up and priorities
- [Roadmap](https://github.com/mantidproject/roadmap/projects/1)

---

# Minutes

## Call for secretary
- David Fairbrother has left the Mantid team so we need a new secretary for the TWG

**Action: All: Suggestions from your team for the new secretary**

## Monthly recurring meeting
- It was agreed that the TWG will meet on a monthly basis at a set time
- It was agreed to triage cross-facility issues at the meeting and ensure a response is sent in a timely manner

**Action: Gigg: Create a poll to find the best time**

## Release 6.4
- The timeline for the release was reviewed.
- There were no objections to the new dates that have been shifted back one week.
- Peterson: we should publicise that this is the last release with a desktop installer for linux.

**Action: Gigg: Ensure we highlight that 6.4 is the last release with a linux desktop installer**

## Gatekeepers
- Gatekeepers who are no longer active were removed from the list and Marina was invited.
- It was agreed that it would be useful to have more.
- Teams should not be shy in nominating people once they feel they have the right level of knowledge and confidence.
- It was identified that there are also people on Slack/Github who should be removed (or changed to a Collaborator on Github).

**Action: Tillet, Weber: nominate a gatekeeper from ILL**

**Action: Gigg: Nominate one or two gatekeepers from ISIS**

**Action: Gigg: Review member lists on Slack/Github**

## Maintenance
- The maintenance issues were reviewed and prioritised.
- It was agreed that there are too many issues in the Backlog so some should be moved to the Icebox.

**Action: Gigg: Reduce the number of items in the Backlog**

## Roadmap
- The Roadmap was not covered this time.
- Nothing was highlighted as an immediate priority for discussion.

---

# Action Items

## All
- Suggestions for the new TWG secretary

## Gigg
- Create a poll to find a time for the monthly TWG meeting
- Ensure we highlight that 6.4 is the last release with a linux desktop installer
- Nominate one or two additional gatekeepers from ISIS
- Review member lists on Slack/Github
- Reduce the number of items in the Maintenance Backlog

## Tillet, Weber
- Nominate at least one gatekeeper from ILL
