# Next SWG Meeting (April 2022)

# Actions - Email Anna + Daniel by 15/03/2022

## Facilities interested in Spreadsheet / shared user interface
- Provide an example of what they expect from the interface.

## Facilities interested in improving validated workflows (e.g Absorption corrections)
- Collect the highest priority algorithms / workflows that need improvements and information for validating

## Facilities interested in GISANS
- Define what is needed in Mantid for GISANS
- Pascal to ask for interest at ISIS

### Optional Action
- Communicate any solutions to the problem fitting data with zero/low counts raised by Miguel.


# Initially Proposed Agenda

- Discuss progress on defining above common projects.
