## TWG meeting 01/16/2024

### Attendance: Tom, Sarah, Zach, Pete, Eric, Remi

Fix zoom link in slack

## Agenda
- Sourceforge asking to reduce usage
  - Very old usage data, paraview packages < 3gb
  - Copy old installers to github
- What is archived on github?
- Fixes on main getting into ornl-next
  - Failing tests -> clean build
  - ORNL next branch
  - Clang format, pre-commit
  - Changes in imports
  - Notify Sarah
- release-next -> main fix (Tom)
  - reconfigure job to run on any node
  - possible github action
  - close issues
- Community standards badge
  - Removing deprecated algorithms
- No bugs in the fall of 2024 (september)
- NeXus API
  - Move away from NeXus
  - Meeting
- Two PRs for Nexus (Pete)
   - Monochromatic -> workspace2d
   - LoadEventNexus with compression (less memory)
   - Move to next release
  
