Attendees: Sarah, Oleksandr, Pete, Remi

# Recap actions from previous meeting:

# Agenda
- Draft of [release milestones](https://github.com/mantidproject/mantid/milestones) for next year
  - plan for end of January and end of May
- Maintenance for moving to numpy v2.0 (need issue links) ([migration guide](https://numpy.org/doc/stable/numpy_2_0_migration_guide.html))
  - ~~Would like to incrementally move from 1.24 to 1.25 then 1.26~~ already standard
  - Need prototype(s) for how extensive the changes might be
  - Will be done on a long-running branch to integrate the changes. `main` will be auto-merged into the branch
  - numpy v2 supports python 3.9-3.12 ([python supported versions](https://devguide.python.org/versions/))
  - Need to find out status of boost::python supporting numpy v2. Related: [PR moving to boost 1.82](https://github.com/mantidproject/mantid/pull/37259)
- Mantid developer meeting and user meeting/tutorial during NOBUGS ([link](https://github.com/mantidproject/workshops/tree/main/developer/2024-09))
  - Pete will copy more details into the tutorial agenda
  - Pete will create NOBUGS2024 slack channel
  - Pete will share meeting folder with participants
- Deprecation policy - see draft [link](https://github.com/mantidproject/workshops/blob/main/developer/2023-10/codecamp/deprecation_policy.md)
  - minor edits on the policy then it will go into place in the user documentation
- Add toolz to dependencies - [link](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/toolz)
  - ISIS will coordinate with euphonics who is requesting this change
- Review [roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/mantidproject/projects/47/views/1)
  - brief discussion of moving from qtassistant to qtwebwidget
