*Attendees:* Foxley, Koschscii, Perenon, Peterson, Savici

# Recap actions from previous meeting:

- First ideas on Mantid developer meeting and user meeting/tutorial during NOBUGS ([link](https://github.com/mantidproject/workshops/tree/main/developer/2024-09))

# Agenda
- ILL build servers cannot be connected to Jenkins anymore
  - Builders will not be connected until next month, at best
  - => There are plans to discuss more details at developer meeting next week
- Deprecation of [SQW1](https://docs.mantidproject.org/nightly/algorithms/SofQWCentre-v1.html) and [SQW2](https://docs.mantidproject.org/nightly/algorithms/SofQWPolygon-v1.html) (needs agreement from TWG as per [policy](https://docs.mantidproject.org/nightly/deprecation.html)
  - => This is awaiting links to user docs to link to be certain as to what we're deprecating
- Mantid developer meeting and user meeting/tutorial during NOBUGS ([link](https://github.com/mantidproject/workshops/tree/main/developer/2024-09))
  - Discussions topics for the developer meeting to be completed
  - Possibility to invite users for the tutorials
  - => Meeting planned next week (2024-09-23)
- Migration to Numpy v2
  - To be carried out during the 6.12 sprint
  - Will require to move matplotlib: 3.8.4 / 3.9 ?
  - => To be discussed during the developer meeting
- When do we need to start building conda packages for ARM macs?
  - => To be discussed during the developer meeting
- Review [roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/mantidproject/projects/47/views/1)
  - => Not discussed
- AOB
  - => Nothing

Maybe revisit
- Nexus file refactoring for reflectometry
  - => Not discussed
- Risk register
  - => Not discussed
- [Community standards](https://github.com/mantidproject/mantid/community) according to github (Pete)
  - => Not discussed
- nexus API (maintain or move?)
  - => Not discussed
