# TWG meeting minutes 
### Present: Hampson, Perenon, Peterson, Pellegrini, Morgan, Guest

## Agenda
- Upgrading Pyton version (Tom)
- MacOs ansible sripts (ILL)
- ISIS MacOS update

## Relase v6.7
- Feature freeze 05/15/2023
- beta starts 05/22/2023
- Release Technical Managet Mial, Tom, Conor
- Release Editor Jonatham Richard
- Quality Assurance Manager: Sarah, Silke
- Waiting on things to be merged
- Clear off 6.7 release board
- Postpone items as needed so as not to hold up the release
- Next Mantid developer training session, work on strategies to help break down PRs

## Maintenance
- Review items
- Fix bugs for the next release

## Icebox
- ConvToMDCompareDefaultVsIndexing very slow
- Consolidate use of BatchALgorithRunner class
- Create and document and algorithm deperecation/deletion policy
- Evaluate deperacated algorithms to remove them/de-deprecate the
- Stop system test process overwriting MaxCores setting if it doesn't complete properly

## Notes
- Python 3.6 EOL 2021
- Update cppcheck
- Move items to icebox
- Move away from depercated OpenGL 2 API calls
- Python Ruff static analysis tool (linter) much faster
- Keeps Black but replaces Flake8
